Simplify README (#4712)
microsoft/autogen: README.md

such as OpenAI model client and Azure code executors.
Besides the built-in extensions, the package accommodates community-contributed
extensions through namespace sub-packages.
We look forward to your contributions!

<p align="right" style="font-size: 14px; color: #555; margin-top: 20px;">
  <a href="#readme-top" style="text-decoration: none; color: blue; font-weight: bold;">
    ↑ Back to Top ↑
  </a>
</p>

## Quickstart

### Python (AgentChat)

First install the packages:

```bash
pip install 'autogen-agentchat==0.4.0.dev11' 'autogen-ext[openai]==0.4.0.dev11'
```
# AutoGen

The following code uses OpenAI's GPT-4o model and you need to provide your
API key to run.
To use Azure OpenAI models, follow the instruction
[here](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/dev/user-guide/core-user-guide/cookbook/azure-openai-with-aad-auth.html).
**AutoGen** is a framework for creating intelligent multi-agent systems that can act autonomously or work alongside humans.

### Minimal Python Example
Code for setting up a reflection team of AI agents using AutoGen to collaboratively write and critique a poem about the fall season.
```python

> import asyncio

Reviewer: you need asyncio to run your example

> |                      | [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/AutoGen-Python-blue?logo=python&logoColor=white)](./python)                                                                                     | [![.NET](https://img.shields.io/badge/AutoGen-.NET-green?logo=.net&logoColor=white)](./dotnet)              | [![Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/AutoGen-Studio-purple?logo=visual-studio&logoColor=white)](./studio)              |

Reviewer: Having a row for "Examples" would be great, examples are the best way to know how to use a library

<div align="center">
<img src="https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/0.2/img/ag.svg" alt="AutoGen Logo" width="100">

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/cloudposse.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40pyautogen)](https://twitter.com/pyautogen)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Company?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/105812540)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-chat-green?logo=discord)](https://aka.ms/autogen-discord)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-AutoGen-blue?logo=read-the-docs)](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/)
</div>

# AutoGen

**AutoGen** is a framework for creating intelligent multi-agent applications that can act autonomously or work alongside humans.

> ### Quick Start

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Quick Start
```

```bash
pip install autogen-agentchat autogen-ext[openai]
```

> If you are upgrading from AutoGen v0.2, please refer to the [Migration Guide](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/dev/user-guide/agentchat-user-guide/migration-guide.html) for detailed instructions on how to update your code and configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The current stable version is v0.4. If you are upgrading from AutoGen v0.2, please refer to the [Migration Guide](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/dev/user-guide/agentchat-user-guide/migration-guide.html) for detailed instructions on how to update your code and configurations.
```

### Minimal Python Example
Code for setting up an agent to plot stock prices:
```python
# pip install "autogen-agentchat" "autogen-ext[openai]" "yfinance" "matplotlib"
import asyncio
from autogen_agentchat.agents import AssistantAgent
from autogen_agentchat.ui import Console
from autogen_ext.models.openai import OpenAIChatCompletionClient
from autogen_ext.code_executors.local import LocalCommandLineCodeExecutor
from autogen_ext.tools.code_execution import PythonCodeExecutionTool

async def main() -> None:
    tool = PythonCodeExecutionTool(LocalCommandLineCodeExecutor(work_dir="coding"))
    agent = AssistantAgent("assistant", OpenAIChatCompletionClient(model="gpt-4o"), tools=[tool], reflect_on_tool_use=True)
    await Console(agent.run_stream(task="Create a plot of MSFT stock prices in 2024 and save it to a file. Use yfinance and matplotlib."))
asyncio.run(main())
```

> ### Why Use AutoGen?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Why Use AutoGen?
```

<div align="center">
<img src="https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/0.2/img/ag.svg" alt="AutoGen Logo" width="100">

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/cloudposse.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40pyautogen)](https://twitter.com/pyautogen)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Company?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/105812540)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-chat-green?logo=discord)](https://aka.ms/autogen-discord)
[![GitHub Discussions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discussions-Q%26A-green?logo=github)](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/discussions)

> [![PyPi autogen-core](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPi-autogen--core-blue?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-core/0.4.0.dev11/)
> [![PyPi autogen-agentchat](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPi-autogen--agentchat-blue?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-agentchat/0.4.0.dev11/)
> [![PyPi autogen-ext](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPi-autogen--ext-blue?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-ext/0.4.0.dev11/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[![PyPi autogen-core](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPi-autogen--core-blue?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-core/)
[![PyPi autogen-agentchat](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPi-autogen--agentchat-blue?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-agentchat/)
[![PyPi autogen-ext](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPi-autogen--ext-blue?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-ext/)
```

</div>

# AutoGen

**AutoGen** is a framework for creating intelligent multi-agent systems that can act autonomously or work alongside humans.

### Quick Start

```bash
pip install autogen-agentchat autogen-ext[openai]
```

### Minimal Python Example
Code for setting up a multi-agent system to plot stock prices:
```python

> # pip install "autogen-agentchat==0.4.0.dev13" "autogen-ext[openai]==0.4.0.dev13" "yfinance" "matplotlib"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# pip install "autogen-agentchat" "autogen-ext[openai]" "yfinance" "matplotlib"
```

asyncio.run(main())
```

### Why Use AutoGen?

<div align="center">
  <img src="autogen-landing.jpg" alt="AutoGen Landing" width="600">
</div>

- **Essential building blocks for agents**: AutoGen provides everything you need to create intelligent agents, including tools, LLMs, multi-agent teams, and capabilities like code/tool execution and human-in-the-loop workflows. AutoGen also provides state-of-the-art agents like Magentic-One for top performance and reliability, supports distributed agents and cross-language support in Python and .NET.

- **Rapid prototyping and flexibility**: AutoGen uses a modular, extensible design with clearly divided responsibilities between layers. The Core API implements message passing, event-driven agents, and runtime for flexibility and power, the AgentChat API implements a simpler but opinionated API rapid for prototyping, or the Extensions API enables first- and third-party extensions continuously expanding framework capabilities. Additionally, AutoGen Studio enables a beautiful GUI for no-code agent development.

> - **Community and ecosystem**: Join and contribute to a thriving ecosystem. We host weekly office hours and talks with maintainers and community. We also have a Discord server for real-time chat, GitHub Discussions for Q&A, and a blog for tutorials and updates.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Community and ecosystem**: Join and contribute to a thriving ecosystem. We host weekly office hours and talks with maintainers and community. We also have a [Discord server](https://aka.ms/autogen-discord) for real-time chat, GitHub Discussions for Q&A, and a blog for tutorials and updates.
```

<div align="center">
<img src="https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/0.2/img/ag.svg" alt="AutoGen Logo" width="100">

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/cloudposse.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40pyautogen)](https://twitter.com/pyautogen)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Company?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/105812540)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-chat-green?logo=discord)](https://aka.ms/autogen-discord)
[![GitHub Discussions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discussions-Q%26A-green?logo=github)](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/discussions)

[![PyPi autogen-core](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPi-autogen--core-blue?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-core/)
[![PyPi autogen-agentchat](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPi-autogen--agentchat-blue?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-agentchat/)
[![PyPi autogen-ext](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPi-autogen--ext-blue?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-ext/)
</div>

# AutoGen

> **AutoGen** is a framework for creating intelligent multi-agent systems that can act autonomously or work alongside humans.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**AutoGen** is a framework for creating intelligent multi-agent applications that can act autonomously or work alongside humans.
```

"systems" is ambiguous and not end-user friendly

### Quick Start

```bash
pip install autogen-agentchat autogen-ext[openai]
```

If you are upgrading from AutoGen v0.2, please refer to the [Migration Guide](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/dev/user-guide/agentchat-user-guide/migration-guide.html) for detailed instructions on how to update your code and configurations.

### Minimal Python Example

> Code for setting up a multi-agent system to plot stock prices:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Code for setting up an agent to plot stock prices:
```

It's a single agent setup

from autogen_agentchat.ui import Console
from autogen_ext.models.openai import OpenAIChatCompletionClient
from autogen_ext.code_executors.local import LocalCommandLineCodeExecutor
from autogen_ext.tools.code_execution import PythonCodeExecutionTool

async def main() -> None:
    tool = PythonCodeExecutionTool(LocalCommandLineCodeExecutor(work_dir="coding"))
    agent = AssistantAgent("assistant", OpenAIChatCompletionClient(model="gpt-4o"), tools=[tool], reflect_on_tool_use=True)
    await Console(agent.run_stream(task="Create a plot of MSFT stock prices in 2024 and save it to a file. Use yfinance and matplotlib."))
asyncio.run(main())
```

### Why Use AutoGen?

<div align="center">
  <img src="autogen-landing.jpg" alt="AutoGen Landing" width="600">
</div>

- **Essential building blocks for agents**: AutoGen provides everything you need to create intelligent agents, including tools, LLMs, multi-agent teams, and capabilities like code/tool execution and human-in-the-loop workflows. AutoGen also provides state-of-the-art agents like Magentic-One for top performance and reliability, supports distributed agents and cross-language support in Python and .NET.

> - **Rapid prototyping and flexibility**: AutoGen uses a modular, extensible design with clearly divided responsibilities between layers. The [Core API](./python/packages/autogen-core/) implements message passing, event-driven agents, and runtime for flexibility and power, the [AgentChat API](./python/packages/autogen-agentchat/) implements a simpler but opinionated API rapid for prototyping, or the [Extensions API](./python/packages/autogen-ext/) enables first- and third-party extensions continuously expanding framework capabilities. Additionally, AutoGen Studio enables a beautiful GUI for no-code agent development.

Reviewer 2: Need link to the autogen studio. 

Shall we link to the website pages? The README.md files in the package directories are empty.

Author: added link the src dir;
